batches: add comment to public SSH keys indicating Sourcegraph is the source of the key (#21297)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - SSH code host tokens generated for batch changes now include a comment indicating they originated from Sourcegraph. [#20523](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/20523)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SSH public keys generated for batch changes now include a comment indicating they originated from Sourcegraph. [#20523](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/20523)
```

Author: Ooh okay! Would "code host token public keys" be too verbose, do you think? The reason I wanted to keep "code host" was that it's the name of the page in the UI:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8942601/119528086-c3279680-bd35-11eb-94d3-44a60f0e4cd5.png" width="500">

And when I started work on the ticket, I personally wasn't certain the ticket wasn't referring to some other SSH keys until I confirmed with Adam. But maybe that's more obvious for most users familiar with Batch Changes?

Reviewer: Hmm, I see. Yeah, the header might be confusing here, since it's actually a _pair_: a token (that the user adds) and a SSH public key (that we generate and present). Maybe "SSH public keys generated to access code hosts with batch changes"?
